Add description regarding the REST security flow (#625)
kyma-incubator/compass: docs/investigations/rest-adapters/security.md

# Security

The Connectivity Adapter must provide seamless support for currently used security mechanisms. In the legacy approach, we support two flavors for securing the communication between the clients and the API. The main traffic is secured by the client credentials and for establishing the trusted relation the one-time tokens are used. The Compass API also offers similar security mechanisms. The current document describes the approach of how legacy calls can be handled to fulfill the security requirements of the Compass API.

## Details

> The Compass GraphQL API supports the security mechanism used by the legacy REST API. Having this in mind we should reuse as much of the implementation as possible. Having this in mind, we can route the incoming REST API traffic through the same components as the new GraphQL API goes. Thanks to that the incoming traffic will be handled by the Istio and then routed to the Ory Oathkeeper reusing already implemented hydrators. The hydrators will handle all the details related to the one-time tokens, client certificate, tenant and scopes assignment. Having the security-related topics done we can transform the REST API request to the corresponding GraphQL call(s) and post it to the internal endpoint of the Compass Gateway. The following diagram depicts the described flow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Compass GraphQL API supports the security mechanism used by the legacy REST API. Having this in mind, we should reuse as much of the implementation as possible. We can route the incoming REST API traffic in the same way as the new GraphQL API. Thanks to that, the incoming traffic will be handled by Istio and then routed to the Ory Oathkeeper, reusing already implemented hydrators. The hydrators will handle all the details related to the one-time tokens, client certificate, tenant and scopes assignment. Having the security-related topics done, we can transform the REST API request to the corresponding GraphQL call(s) and post it to the internal endpoint of the Compass Gateway. This diagram depicts the described flow:
```
